docs: SNS and SQS FIFO (#4024)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/worker-service.en.md

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-timeout" href="#subscribe-queue-timeout" class="field">`timeout`</a> <span class="type">Duration</span>  
Timeout defines the length of time a message is unavailable after being delivered. Default 30s. Range 0s-12h.

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-fifo" href="#subscribe-queue-fifo" class="field">`fifo`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>  

> The fifo defines the SQS FIFO Queue configurations for your default queue.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable FIFO (first in, first out) capabilities for your SQS queue to handle scenarios where the order of operations and events is critical, or where duplicates can't be tolerated. 
```

> If you specify true, Copilot will create SQS FIFO Queue the default FIFO settings.

Reviewer: nit: not-needed
```suggestion
```

```yaml

> subscribe:
>   topics:
>     - name: events
>       service: api
>       queue: # Define a topic-specific queue for the api-events topic.
>         timeout: 20s
>     - name: events
>       service: fe
>   queue: # By default, messages from all topics will go to a shared queue.
>     fifo: true

Reviewer: nit: Maybe to reduce slightly the noise and keep it about FIFO:
```suggestion
subscribe:
  topics:
    - name: events
      service: api
    - name: events
      service: fe
  queue: # Messages from both FIFO SNS Topics go to the shared FIFO SQS Queue.
    fifo: true
```
When the queue is enabled with FIFO capabilities, Copilot understands that the source SNS topics must also be FIFO.

```

> Alternativey, you can also specify the advanced SQS FIFO Queue configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also specify advanced SQS FIFO queue configurations: 
```

```yaml
subscribe:
  topics:
    - name: events
      service: api
      queue: # Define a topic-specific queue for the api-events topic.
        timeout: 20s
    - name: events
      service: fe
  queue: # By default, messages from all topics will go to a shared queue.
    fifo:
      content_based_deduplication: true

>       deduplication_scope: messageGroup
>       fifo_throughput_limit: perMessageGroupId

Reviewer: I feel like this would be more common:
```suggestion
      high_throughput: true 
```

```

> 

Reviewer: Can we include the FIFO advanced fields here?  (`content_based_deduplication`, `deduplication_scope`, `throughput_limit`, `high_throughput`) 🥺

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-timeout" href="#subscribe-queue-timeout" class="field">`timeout`</a> <span class="type">Duration</span>  
Timeout defines the length of time a message is unavailable after being delivered. Default 30s. Range 0s-12h.

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-fifo" href="#subscribe-queue-fifo" class="field">`fifo`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>  

> Enable FIFO (first in, first out) capabilities for your SQS queue to handle scenarios where the order of operations and events is critical, or where duplicates can't be tolerated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable FIFO (first in, first out) ordering on your SQS queue to handle scenarios where the order of operations and events is critical or where duplicates can't be tolerated.
```

```yaml
subscribe:
  topics:
    - name: events
      service: api
    - name: events
      service: fe
  queue: # Messages from both FIFO SNS Topics go to the shared FIFO SQS Queue.
    fifo: true
```

> When the queue is enabled with FIFO capabilities, Copilot understands that the source SNS topics must also be FIFO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the queue is enabled with FIFO capabilities, Copilot requires that the source SNS topics [are also FIFO](link-to-publish-fifo).
```

Alternatively, you can also specify advanced SQS FIFO queue configurations:
```yaml
subscribe:
  topics:
    - name: events
      service: api
      queue: # Define a topic-specific Standard queue for the api-events topic.
        timeout: 20s
    - name: events
      service: fe
  queue: # By default, messages from all FIFO topics will go to a shared FIFO queue.
    fifo:
      content_based_deduplication: true
      high_throughput: true 
```

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.fifo.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-fifo-content-based-deduplication" href="#subscribe-queue-fifo-content-based-deduplication" class="field">`content_based_deduplication`</a> <span class="type">Boolean</span>  
If the message body is guaranteed to be unique for each published message, you can enable content-based deduplication for the SNS FIFO topic.

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.fifo.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-fifo-deduplication-scope" href="#subscribe-queue-fifo-deduplication-scope" class="field">`deduplication_scope`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  

> For high throughput for FIFO queues, specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level. Valid values are messageGroup and queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For high throughput for FIFO queues, specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level. Valid values are `"messageGroup"` and `"queue"`.
```

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.fifo.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-fifo-throughput-limit" href="#subscribe-queue-fifo-throughput-limit" class="field">`throughput_limit`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  

> For high throughput for FIFO queues, specifies whether the FIFO queue throughput quota applies to the entire queue or per message group. Valid values are perQueue and perMessageGroupId.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For high throughput for FIFO queues, specifies whether the FIFO queue throughput quota applies to the entire queue or per message group. Valid values are `"perQueue"` and `"perMessageGroupId"`.
```

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.queue.fifo.</span><a id="subscribe-queue-fifo-high-throughput" href="#subscribe-queue-fifo-high-throughput" class="field">`high_throughput`</a> <span class="type">Boolean</span>  

> If specified, provides higher transactions per second (TPS) for messages in FIFO queues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If enabled, provides higher transactions per second (TPS) for messages in FIFO queues.
```

> If enabled, provides higher transactions per second (TPS) for messages in FIFO queues.

Reviewer: nit: can we add 
```suggestion
If enabled, provides higher transactions per second (TPS) for messages in FIFO queues. Mutually exclusive with `deduplication_scope` and `throughput_limit`.
```

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.topics.topic.</span><a id="topic-queue" href="#topic-queue" class="field">`queue`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>  
Optional. Specify SQS queue configuration for the topic. If specified as `true`, the queue will be created  with default configuration. Specify this field as a map for customization of certain attributes for this topic-specific queue.

<span class="parent-field">subscribe.topics.topic.queue.</span><a id="subscribe-topics-topic-queue-fifo" href="#subscribe-topics-topic-queue-fifo" class="field">`fifo`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>   

> Optional. Specify SQS FIFO queue configuration for the topic. If specified as `true`, the FIFO queue will be created with default FIFO configuration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optional. Specify SQS FIFO queue configuration for the topic. If specified as `true`, the FIFO queue will be created with the default FIFO configuration. 
```
